hey I'm Daphne cone of the pleasure
nutritionist where I help busy women
make healthy habits pleasurable so that
they can have the body they want soaring
energy greater mental clarity and focus
today I'm going to give you a ton of
quick easy delicious healthy snacks for
when you're on the go and I wanted to
start by saying thank you to everybody
who gave so many comments on the salad
wrap that i made last week I hope you're
loving it hope you're making it and
eating it and thank you for the recipes
that you submitted so let's get into the
snacks what I have here first of all are
a bunch of some dried fruit like this is
some figs some mango some apple or yeah
mango and some pistachios you can have
any kind of nuts dried fruits it's a
great snack for on the go I also have
here some this is my favorite
combinations i'm going to show to you
raisins goji berries cacao nibs and
almonds now what do i do with those i'm
going to show you what i do those four i
take equal part to eat and then I toss
them into a bag black mat and these are
the raisins goji berries are super food
now is a superfood and almonds others
just have so many health benefits I went
to now we would spend a whole video
this around and now I have a snack that
I can take with me anywhere at any time
and it gives me energy it keeps me going
if I feel my energy start to drop I know
I can have this if I feel my belly start
to get a little hungry then I me to not
have this it's just a great snack is
full of nutrients and lots of good stuff
for you so that's one thing those are a
couple things out there then I have
these these are what stores are starting
to sell these health food stores these
are organic chachacha chunks of energy
they've got a lot of ingredients in them
but what they don't have is added sugar
and that's what I like about it there's
meeting with dates so that's also very
sweets you got to know what works for
you but they don't have anything added
so and very obviously easy for on-the-go
then I have a bunch of cut up veggies so
here's some red pepper some carrots some
green beans some celery you can also
have zucchini you can have cucumber any
number of different vegetables that you
want and then just bring em away some
kind of a tip I have for example some
hummus I have some salsa and there's
also a nut butter in here and then I
have these apples in here show you that
you can also just dip the apples into a
nut butter again lips your energy keeps
stays in your belly for a while so you
don't get hunger pain
and keeps you satisfied and keeps you
going so you don't have to snap and
things or candy bars and soft drinks and
all that other stuff that just makes you
crash the other thing with the salsa is
you can have tips and if you're going to
have tips I really recommend this kind
because they're baked not fried they may
take a little getting used to if you
used to bribe but once you do get used
to them you will enjoy them and you will
feel guilt list as it says on here go
ahead and of course we have learned over
the many many many centuries that fruit
is a great snack it transports well you
can eat it anywhere I've got some pears
some Kiwi some Apple bananas you can
always grab grapes whatever and take
that with you you can even cut it up
ahead of time maybe before you leave for
work or wherever you're going to make
yourself a little fruit salad and then
you have a delicious fruit salad for
later on in the day the other thing I
want to show you is if you have I mean
bracha holy any avocado you can make a
really quick guacamole you just scoop
out the avocado and I'm showing this you
show you just how quick it is and then I
had a little salsa how's that that's
almost like cheating because you just
throw in this awesome and I won't
totally make it all basically if you get
the idea you wish it together and you
could add a pinch of salt wall up you
now have a guacamole so if you bring
with you an avocado and a little jar of
salsa you know I have salsa that you can
have instant Waka moly and then
and the last name or second ferocity i
want to show you our raw barz so i don't
get the other bars out there there are
plenty of other bars out there and i
won't name names but a lot of them leave
you feeling kind of heavy after they're
loaded and sugar they've got sugar put
in all these different places and they
just kind of they they bring your body
down so I really recommend draw bars
because generally with the raw barz you
can identify everything in their lair of
ours are great they're essentially dried
fruit and nuts sometimes a little more
added but that's basically what they are
and then these raw revolution this one
is a organic green superfood footsteps
like hemp protein flaxseed powder and
wheatgrass powder and spirulina and
finish powder oak grass powder and cal
powder probably powder in all this w
stopped ten it tastes good too and of
course you can just stick it in the bags
to get in your purse wherever and take
it with you and they're very satisfying
as all I often take this on
on plane put a couple of these and some
fruit I'm good I'm good to go and then
if you got that sugar craving going on
and you think okay I get it there's
carrots and hummus and all that good
stuff but I just want a little something
sweet well I got that too this is your
sweet Oh choice this is green and black
which is a great chocolate of course
there's many chocolates out there but
this one is a five percent dark
chocolate be five percent cocoa or cacao
content and you want to look for
anything above 70 now I don't recommend
eating the full bar but if you want to
take a little bit just to nibble on to
give you that sweet taste and satisfy
your sweet hankering and this is what i
recommend so that's it you have dry
fruits and nuts cut up vegetables
freaked different dips some instant
guacamole some bars a lot of great ideas
where you could be easily set for the
week with what's here and just keep
yourself eating healthy delicious foods
between meals because that's often when
people will start to tank by eating
again like those candy bars and other
muffins things like that that cause your
energy to drop and your cravings to
increase and all that will power that
you have is that i'm going to eat well
day goes down the drain with your energy
and
anything else you'd put that sugary
stuff into your body so I hope you enjoy
this and I hope you have a great
pleasure build a